# Remarks on the db model 

* A UUID must be used. Use the native uuid extension of Postgres.
* Enums should be represented as simple strings in the database instead of an ENUM type. There is also (currently) no benefit in optimizing them using integers for instance.
* The contact form does not need to be represented in the database. When a user submits the form, this should be a transparent proxy to the email service that sends it to a central address. There is no need to query these messages.
* There is an activation token on the user. This token can be removed,  as this token is already accounted for on the invitation. The token is transient and scoped to the invitation and as such should be placed on the invitation, not the user.
* The "accept_terms_and_conditions" should be named "accepted_terms_and_conditions"
* The "accepted_terms_and_conditions" should be a string, which will hold the document version, instead of a boolean.
* All entities should have a "created_at" and an "updated at" property (datetime).
* "decission" [sic] and "decission_date" [sic] have been introduced. I don't think this is the right decision, since in that representation you are using "decission" is a boolean, which can only be 0 or 1. It is then impossible to represent the pending state. One could introduce an extra integer (since it is TINYINT) to represent the pending state, but this just makes things less clear in my opinion. I suggest we use the dedicated "rejected_at" and "accepted_at" properties, which should be nullable. If either of them are null (unknown), the request is in pending state. This mimics the mental model more clearly.
* On the authorization request, "Decision" is misspelled as "Decission". But this is probably moot if the above point leads to removal of said properties.
* "bgood_partner_flag" on organization should be renamed to "is_bgood_partner"
* "access_type_name" on dataset should be named "access_type"
* "publication_state_name" on dataset should be named "publication_state"
* "expired_at" registration_invitation should be named "expires_at"
* "dataset_file_order" on dataset_file should be named "order" and can be an int.

## questions

* What is meant by the "batch" on file_version?

